reference/Intro.specs.md, before:

# Spec List

## 1. Intro
- **Height:** 512  
- **Width:** 1920  
- **Background Color:** #FFFFFF  

## 2. Content
- **Width:** 1740  
- **Direction:** Horizontal  
- **Alignment:** Middle Left  
- **Vertical Resizing:** Hug  
- **Horizontal Resizing:** Fixed  
- **Item Spacing:** 166  

## 3. PAST-IMAGE-CATHERINE
- **Height:** 437  
- **Width:** 569  

## 4. Vector
- **Height:** 437  
- **Width:** 569  

## 5. Text Content Container
- **Width:** 994  
- **Direction:** Vertical  
- **Alignment:** Top Left  
- **Vertical Resizing:** Hug  
- **Horizontal Resizing:** Fixed  
- **Item Spacing:** 30  

## 6. Text Block
- **Width:** 994  
- **Direction:** Vertical  
- **Alignment:** Top Left  
- **Vertical Resizing:** Hug  
- **Horizontal Resizing:** Fixed  
- **Item Spacing:** 17  

## 7. Title
- **Height:** 59  
- **Text Color:** #032A2A  
- **Text Style:** Title  

## 8. Description
- **Height:** 195  
- **Text Color:** #000000  

## 9. Button Container
- **Height:** 50  
- **Width:** 296.76  

## 10. Background
- **Height:** 50  
- **Width:** 296.76  
- **Background Color:** #041D1D  

## 11. Button Text
- **Height:** 24.39  
- **Width:** 274.48  
- **Text Color:** #95E208  
- **Text Align:** Center  
- **Font Family:** Stinger  
- **Font Weight:** Heavy  
- **Font Size:** 17  
- **Letter Spacing:** 3

Commit message:

Revamp intro section with new layout and content; add responsive styles for improved user experience and accessibility. Update specifications document to reflect changes.

reference/Intro.specs.md, after:

# Spec List

## 1. Intro
- **Height:** 512  
- **Width:** 1920  
- **Background Color:** #FFFFFF  

## 2. Content
- **Width:** 1740  
- **Direction:** Horizontal  
- **Alignment:** Middle Left  
- **Vertical Resizing:** Hug  
- **Horizontal Resizing:** Fixed  
- **Item Spacing:** 166  

## 3. PAST-IMAGE-CATHERINE
- **Height:** 437  
- **Width:** 569  

## 4. Vector
- **Height:** 437  
- **Width:** 569  

## 5. Text Content Container
- **Width:** 994  
- **Direction:** Vertical  
- **Alignment:** Top Left  
- **Vertical Resizing:** Hug  
- **Horizontal Resizing:** Fixed  
- **Item Spacing:** 30  

## 6. Text Block
- **Width:** 994  
- **Direction:** Vertical  
- **Alignment:** Top Left  
- **Vertical Resizing:** Hug  
- **Horizontal Resizing:** Fixed  
- **Item Spacing:** 17  

## 7. Title
- **Height:** 59  
- **Text Color:** #032A2A  
- **Text Style:** Title  
- **Text** "COALESCE TO CREATE"

## 8. Description
- **Height:** 195  
- **Text Color:** #000000 
- **Text:** "GENUX Boston is an annual symposium conference that brings together Boston and the New England area minds in User Experience. AI has moved from an emerging tool to a collaborative force—blurring boundaries between disciplines, reshaping workflows, and redefining the creative process itself. We coalesce to create."

## 9. Button Container
- **Height:** 50  
- **Width:** 296.76  

## 10. Background
- **Height:** 50  
- **Width:** 296.76  
- **Background Color:** #041D1D  

## 11. Button Text
- **Height:** 24.39  
- **Width:** 274.48  
- **Text Color:** #95E208  
- **Text Align:** Center  
- **Font Family:** Stinger  
- **Font Weight:** Heavy  
- **Font Size:** 17  
- **Letter Spacing:** 3  
- **Text:** "PURCHASE TICKETS HERE"
